Enable `concat()` string function to support multiple string arguments (#1279)
opensearch-project/sql: docs/user/dql/functions.rst

Description
>>>>>>>>>>>

> Usage: CONCAT(str1, str2, ...., str_n) adds two or more strings together. Expects 1-9 arguments. If any of the expressions is a NULL value, it returns NULL.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
Usage: CONCAT(str1, str2, ...., str_9) adds up to 9 strings together. If any of the expressions is a NULL value, it returns NULL.
```
